the late late show i'm jon stewart
sitting in for the vacationing Tom
Snyder we're here with salma hayek and
we talked a little bit about where you
grew up in Mexico but but what about
your folks your mom and your dad there
sure very proud of you everything that's
going on but uh nice folks yes i have
great great parents oh they're about
your mom cuz you're i was reading some
of your mom is a singer she's hurt okay
my mother it's an opera fanatic okay we
come from this little town in Mexico
called wats awkward goes what's a
cuelgas what's a cockroach and is in
tight haha isn't and actually it's it's
a little little it's it's a small city
yeah and in it that's where most of the
oil comes from in Mexico oh really yeah
yeah so it's doing very well so it's
really very well but it's it's it still
stayed very small so I mean we didn't
have our brother a lot of a lot of
people didn't know what it was you know
and so my mother has this thing that she
wants to uh she would like try to find
talent opera talent yes he bends in
guate he's glad cuz i know i know i know
but listen to this or this is great
alright so she would find like a boss
boy that would say something good
morning as you go so that again buddy
don't know can you sing and the guy is
like I don't know and have you tried you
guys know okay do this oh and the guy
looks like looking around and my mother
is serious okay so out of doing this and
they don't know what's up raised but she
taught them and she got a lot of people
really involved in it and she had her
cars and she would get them scholarships
and jobs you're kidding I'm not kidding
and let me tell you something because
it's really amazing ah there is one girl
that she got when she was 16 I think she
wasn't even going to school Olivia
Olivia Olivia mmm Olivia hora leave you
around my mother um you know that's got
scholarships for for her and his
and they kept a relationship for ten
years maybe I'll all right singing at
the Metropolitan you're kidding me we
are going uh we're going the second to
see her towards you're gonna sing at the
Asian at the ancient society so this
woman that your mother found is now
gonna be singing know what opera was no
she was working as a freelance opera
scout your mother yes which is a very
rare except in European Vienna I'm very
embarrassing to I mean she would do this
to you in restaurant she would say
people say oh John let me tell you this
I've she went into a face where oh she
she would sing she wouldn't talk to you
so you'd come with your girlfriends you
know and you're like 10-11 ma'am can we
go to the movies Oh movie are you going
to see I'm not kidding on my friends are
like you're my breathe don't you know
what I do at that point what's up
bringing the French home I know I'm
she'd enjoy it too she would laugh
because she knew i would like hated as
she goes that's why she wouldn't talk to
me as she was singing all the time so
you're living in a musical for a couple
years exactly could you say did you ever
try and get you to sing yes yes but you
wouldn't go for it oh no and you can
prove that you can rent this throttle
can she sing can she sing Wow can she
sing yes she sings very well it's just
inspired perhaps you would like to have
been an opera maybe as you stay here and
you get him bigger like a couple of
times really in yeah excellent well
that's terrific now fools rush in is
gonna be coming out when in February in
February and it's matthew perry and you
had a delightful time doing it I'm done
I had it to life we look forward to
saying it and let them give you his
morale died in the hunchback oh that's
great as well then the hunchback well
well salma thank you very much for
coming by and seen us salma hayek you
can see her in fools rush in we'll be
right back with attorney Gerry Spence
right after this on The Late Late Show
stick around